what's up everyone today I'm going to
show you how to make a simple delicious
affordable bean and cheese burrito now
all you're going to need is our these
are the following items check it out
refried beans and opener tortillas and
your favorite type of cheese also you'll
need a can of thing a hot sauce a plate
and a spoon if you want salt maybe a
little Chipotle you know spice things up
a bit spicy alright so you might be
asking why why make a video on how to
make a bean and cheese burrito it's so
simple well you know the only answer is
because I'm hungry and I like making
how-to videos sometimes when I'm hungry
and being cheese burrito is a really
good food when you're hungry and you'd
like an affordable meal that fills you
up right and you know it's good stuff so
so check it out
we're about to make for bean and cheese
burritos because I'm hungry and it's
super easy to do and feeling oh by the
way you're also going to need one of
these bad boys that's right microwave
right there alright so here we go
so to start take my trusty bag of
Fortius place the tortilla on the plate
like so take that can of refried beans
with your spoon put a nice dollop of
beans on there
yeah spread it around so good so yummy
so affordable all right now what I like
to do is sprinkle some salt on there
before I put anything else so that you
know it sticks nicely to the refried
beans the salt and go ahead add your
chipotle powder oh yeah you pull a and
put your hot sauce on there after that a
few shakes will do it now for the fun
part take your cheese sprinkle it on as
much as you want get that nice and
melty when it goes in the microwave all
right next step is to put it in the
microwave but first I'm going to roll it
up contain some of that heat now all you
have to do is repeat these steps as many
times as you want to get the correct
number of burritos so I'm going to make
three more all right
now that I got my four burritos I'm
gonna place them in the microwave now
you could also chop up some onions
peppers whatever some veggies in there
if you want and make some plain ones
here all right so let's put that in for
two minutes and get ready to enjoy
all right the burritos are done the
plates going to be pretty hot but that's
good that's a good sign
all right so now the burritos are
finished all you got to do is sit down
in front of your favorite netflix
program or whatever favorite game enjoy
the burrito it's really good mmm that is
money right there mom perfect
oh yeah nice layering nice balance to it
still pretty hot but uh it's good stuff
so uh let me know what you think how
your burritos turned out they're really
yummy or not like these are thanks for
watching